add privacy information about aclk connection (#10292)
netdata/netdata: aclk/README.md

The Cloud App lives at app.netdata.cloud which currently resolves to 35.196.244.138. However, this IP or range of 
IPs can change without notice. Watch this page for updates.

For a guide to claiming a node using the ACLK, plus additional troubleshooting and reference information, read our [get
started with Cloud](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/get-started) guide or the full [claiming
documentation](/claim/README.md).

## Data privacy

Privacy is very important to us. We firmly believe that your data belongs to you. This is why **we don't store any metric data in Netdata Cloud**. 

All the data that the user sees in the web browser when using Netdata Cloud, are actually streamed directly from the Netdata Agent to the Netdata Cloud dashboard. They pass through our systems, but they are not stored.

We do however store a limited number of *metadata* to be able to offer the stunning visualizations and advanced functionality of Netdata Cloud.

> ## Metadata

Reviewer: One last change and then we can merge!

```suggestion
### Metadata
```

Restart your Agent and [claim your node](/claim/README.md#how-to-claim-a-node).

[![analytics](https://www.google-analytics.com/collect?v=1&aip=1&t=pageview&_s=1&ds=github&dr=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fnetdata%2Fnetdata&dl=https%3A%2F%2Fmy-netdata.io%2Fgithub%2Faclk%2FREADME&_u=MAC~&cid=5792dfd7-8dc4-476b-af31-da2fdb9f93d2&tid=UA-64295674-3)](<>)

> # ACLK and privacy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data privacy
```

> Privacy is very important to us and we firmly believe that the data of our users belong to themselves. This is why w**e actually don't store any metric data in the Netdata Cloud**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Privacy is very important to us and we firmly believe that the data of our users belong to themselves. This is why **we actually don't store any metric data in the Netdata Cloud**. 
```

> Privacy is very important to us and we firmly believe that the data of our users belong to themselves. This is why **we actually don't store any metric data in the Netdata Cloud**. 

Reviewer: Let's personalize this and stay away from abstractions like "the user." IMO that's for legal content, not documentation.

```suggestion
Privacy is very important to us. We firmly believe that your data belongs to you. This is why **we don't store any metric data in Netdata Cloud**. 
```

> All the data that the user sees in the web browser when using Netdata Cloud, are actually streamed directly from the Netdata Agent to the Netdata Cloud dashboard. They pass through our systems, but they are not stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the metric data you see when using Netdata Cloud are streamed from each claimed node. The data then pass through the Netdata Cloud infrastructure, but are not stored, and are finally streamed to your web browser to create visualizations. [Your data is stored](/docs/store/distributed-data-architecture.md ) exclusively inside your network.
```

> We do however store a limited number of *metadata* to be able to offer the stunning visualizations and advanced functionality of Netdata Cloud.

Reviewer: Let's keep this content purely factual.

```suggestion
We do however store a limited number of _metadata_ to be able to offer the visualizations and functionality of Netdata Cloud.
```

## Metadata

> The information we store in Netdata Cloud is the following (using the publicly available demo server `frankfurt.my-netdata.io` as an example) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information we store in Netdata Cloud is the following (using the publicly available demo server `frankfurt.my-netdata.io` as an example):
```

> - User data:
>   - user email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The email address you used to sign up/or sign in
```

> - For each Netdata Agent node that is connected to Netdata Cloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each node claimed to your Spaces in Netdata Cloud:
```

>  - Node Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Hostname (as it appears in Netdata Cloud)
```

>  - The node information shown in `/api/v1/info`. E.g. `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/info`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Information shown in `/api/v1/info`. For example: [https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/info](https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/info).
```

>  - The chart metadata shown in `/api/v1/charts`. E.g. `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/charts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Chart metadata shown in `/api/v1/charts`. For example: [https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/charts](https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/charts).

>  - The alarm configurations shown in `/api/v1/alarms?all`. E.g. `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms?all`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Alarm configurations shown in `/api/v1/alarms?all`. For example: [https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms?all](https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms?all).
```

>  - Active alarms shown in `/api/v1/alarms`. E.g `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms`

Reviewer 2: those frankfurt links supposed to be hyper links?

[`https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms`](https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms)

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/aclk-privacy/aclk/README.md#metadata

Reviewer: I think they should be. I made them links in my suggestions below.

>  - Active alarms shown in `/api/v1/alarms`. E.g `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms`

Reviewer: You need to add another two spaces to each of these so they're indented an additional levele.

>  - Active alarms shown in `/api/v1/alarms`. E.g `https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Active alarms shown in `/api/v1/alarms`. For example: [https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms](https://frankfurt.my-netdata.io/api/v1/alarms).
```

> How we use them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How we use stored metadata:
```

> - The data are stored in our production database on Google Cloud and some of it is also used in BigQuery, our data lake, for analytics purposes. These analytics are crucial for our product development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data are stored in our production database on Google Cloud. We use some metdata in BigQuery, our data lake, for analytics purposes. These analytics are crucial for our product development process.
```

- Email is used to identify users in regards to product use and to enrich our tools with product use, such as our CRM.

> - This data is only be available to Netdata and never to a 3rd party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This data is only be available to Netdata, and never to a third party.
```
